#### Background Art
[002] In relation to e-commerce, a payment method using virtual electronic money has recently become an object of attention.  A typical example of virtual money is bit coin. Bit coin is electronic money created by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2009.  Transactions of bit coin occur by a distributed database on the basis of a peer-to-peer (P2P) network and bit coin is traded on the basis of public key cryptography.  The bit coin is stored in the form of a wallet file.  Each wallet is given a public address and a private key corresponding to a password, and articles may be purchased on the basis of the public address.  Transactional information of electronic money is blocked in a P2P network and verified, and all the generated blocks form block chains through connection relationship with other blocks during a process in which the blocks are stored through verification.

[003] The purpose and use pattern of virtual money are rapidly increased on-line, and recently, as virtual money is applied to initial public offering (IPO) which sells stocks to external investors as companies are listed on the stock market, initial coil offering (ICO) allowing investment with virtual money is becoming an issue of interest.  As a similar form, Korean Patent Laid-Open No. 10-2015-0096569 (Point fund system for social funding service) discloses a method of investing user's earning point in a company.

[004] However, ICO may hardly lead to real transaction and the market may be overheated by the speculative demand to increase consumer damage, and thus, ICO is regulated by countries.  A method for increasing relevance to real transaction, while utilizing virtual money in investment of IPO, is required.  In particular, in case where virtual money interworks with real transaction, it is necessary to find a way to prevent a possibility of loss in real transaction although a value of virtual money fluctuates online.

[005] 	[Related art document] Korean Patent Laid-Open No. 10-2015-0096569 (August 25, 2015)
